formats.kdl: init (#412029)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/development/settings-options.section.md

    and returning a set with [CDN](https://github.com/dzikoysk/cdn)-specific
    attributes `type` and `generate` as specified [below](#pkgs-formats-result).

`pkgs.formats.kdl` { }

> :   A function taking an empty attribute set (for future extensibility)

Reviewer: Hello. It is the future. There should be an option to choose which version of KDL to output.

There are exactly two versions, KDL v1.0.0 and KDL v2.0.0. It would be nice if we could make this *explicitly specified* and *required* before this format is merged.

> `pkgs.formats.kdl` { }
> 
> :   A function taking an empty attribute set (for future extensibility)

Reviewer: you added the version like i asked, but forgot to update this part of the manual

```suggestion
`pkgs.formats.kdl` { `version` }

:   A function taking a version number (which must be exactly `1`, for future extensibility)
```

    and returning a set with [KDL](https://kdl.dev/)-specific attributes `type`,
    `lib` and `generate` as specified [below](#pkgs-formats-result).

> 

Reviewer 2: We don't mention `generate` takes a list of "KDL nodes" (and what is it) here. It would be confusing if people try to build a single node with it.
